THE U.S. SAW STRONG GROWTH LAST
MONTH.
EMPLOYERS ADDED ALMOST 290,000
PEOPLE TO THEIR PAYROLLS, AND
DROVE THE UNEMPLOYMENT RATE TO
ITS LOWEST POINT IN SIX YEARS.
GOOD EVENING, I'M JUDY WOODRUFF.
GWEN IFILL IS AWAY.
ALSO AHEAD THIS THURSDAY,
AIRPORTS IN EUROPE AND THE
MIDDLE EAST TIGHTEN SECURITY FOR
SOME FLIGHTS HEADED TO THE U.S.
AMID CONCERNS THAT TERRORISTS
ARE DEVELOPING NEW TYPES OF
BOMBS THAT COULD GO UNDETECTED.
PLUS, FROM RURAL BANGLADESH, A
DEVELOPMENT PROGRAM FOR WOMEN
ENTREPRENEURS IS OPENING UP A
NEW MARKET FOR SUNDRIES AND
COSMETICS.
>> THE SALESWOMEN WOULD EARN
THE BUYERS TO HAVE ACCESS TO
SOAP AND OTHER HIGENIC PRODUCTS.
WHAT PRODUCTS SHOULD BE SOLD
ALONGSIDE WITH KNOWSTIES LIKE
SOAP HAVE BEEN CONSIDERED.
>> Woodruff: THAT'S WHAT WE'RE
COVERING ON TONIGHT'S PBS
"NewsHour".
THE DOW JONES INDUSTRIAL AVERAGE
PASSED A NEW MILESTONE.
CLOSING ABOVE 17000 FOR THE
FIRST TIME.
IT GAINED 92 POINTS IN A
SHORTENED TRADING DAY AHEAD OF
JULY 4 TO FINISH AT 17,068.
THE NASDAQ ROSE 28 POINTS TO
CLOSE NEAR 44.86.
AND THE
THE NASDAQ ROSE 28 POINTS TO
CLOSE NEAR 4,486; AND THE S&P
500 ADDED MORE THAN 10 POINTS,
TO 1,985.
HURRICANE "ARTHUR" POWERED UP
TODAY AS IT HEADED TOWARD THE
OUTER BANKS OF NORTH CAROLINA.
BY LATE THIS AFTERNOON, THE
STORM HAD SUSTAINED WINDS OF 90
MILES AN HOUR AND WAS LESS THAN
200 MILES FROM CAPE HATTERAS.
ITS APPROACH PROMPTED
EVACUATIONS AND CANCELED FOURTH
OF JULY PLANS FOR SOME.
OTHERS STAYED PUT, AMID
INDICATIONS THE STORM WOULD
BRUSH PAST HATTERAS WITHOUT
MAKING A DIRECT HIT.
EITHER WAY, GOVERNOR PAT MCCRORY
URGED PEOPLE TO LEAVE, AND HE
PROMISED EMERGENCY CREWS WOULD
BE READY.
>> WE'RE ALREADY TAKING ACTION
IN PREPARATION TO HAVE A VERY
QUICK RECOVERY AND ENSURING WE
CAN GET BACK ON LINE AS QUICK AS
POSSIBLE REGARDING UTILITY
SERVICE, WATER SERVICES, ROADS,
TRANSPORTATION, AND ANYTHING
ELSE THAT NEEDS TO BE REPAIRED
OR FIXED WITHIN A VERY SHORT
PERIOD OF TIME.
>> Woodruff: THE HURRICANE ALSO
ROILED HOLIDAY WEEKEND PLANS
FARTHER NORTH.
THE FOURTH OF JULY BOSTON POPS
CONCERT AND FIREWORKS WERE MOVED
UP TO TONIGHT.
TROPICAL STORM WARNINGS FOR
NANTUCKET AND THE CAPE COD.
THE TOP U.S. MILITARY COMMANDER
PLAYED DOWN PROSPECTS TODAY FOR
MAJOR AMERICAN ACTION IN IRAQ.
SEVERAL HUNDRED U.S. ADVISERS
HAVE DEPLOYED TO HELP IRAQI
FORCES FIGHT SUNNI MILITANTS OF
THE ISLAMIC STATE OR ISIL.
BUT THE CHAN OF THE JOINT
CHIEFS OF STAFF, ARMY GENERAL
MARTIN DEMPSEY, SAID HE DOES NOT
SEE THE NEED FOR AN INDUSTRIAL-
STRENGTH FORCE FOR NOW.
>> ASSESSING AND ADVISING AND
ENABLING ARE VERY DIFFERENT
WORDS THAN ATTACKING, DEFEATING
AND DISRUPTING.
WE MAY GET TO THAT POINT IF OUR
NATIONAL INTERESTS DRIVE US
THERE, IF ISIL BECOMES SUCH AHEE
PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES
WITH OUR ADVICE DECIDES THAT WE
HAVE TO TAKE DIRECT ACTION.
I'M JUST SUGGESTING TO YOU WE'RE
NOT THERE YET.
ISIL HAS DECLARED AN ISLAMIC
CALIPHATE, AND TODAY, ITS
FIGHTERS EXTENDED THEIR GRIP ON
EASTERN SYRIA.
THEY SEIZED MORE TOWNS, PLUS THE
COUNTRY'S LARGEST OIL FIELD
AFTER WINNING THE ALLEGIANCE OF
LOCAL TRIBES.
MEANWHILE, SAUDI ARABIA DEPLOYED
30,000 TROOPS TO ITS BORDER WITH
IRAQ AMID REPORTS THAT IRAQI
FORCES HAD WITHDRAWN.
BAGHDAD DENIED IT.
THE UNITED NATIONS WARNED TODAY
THAT THE SYRIAN REFUGEE CRISIS
MAY DESTABILIZE THE ENTIRE
REGION.
THE U.N. HIGH COMMISSIONER FOR
REFUGEES APPEALED FOR DONOR
NATIONS TO MAKE GOOD ON PROMISED
AID.
HE ESTIMATED AT LEAST 2.9
MILLION SYRIANS ARE NOW IN
NEIGHBORING STATES AND 100,000
MORE ARE JOINING THEM EACH
MONTH.
TENSIONS WERE ON THE RISE ALONG
THE ISRAELI BORDER WITH GAZA
TODAY, AFTER A NIGHT OF ROCKET
FIRE AND AIR STRIKES.
IT FOLLOWS THE DEATHS OF THREE
ISRAELI TEENAGERS AND THE
APPARENT REVENGE KILLING OF A
PALESTINIAN TEEN.
ISRAEL BOLSTERED ITS FORCES AND
MOVED MORE EQUIPMENT NEAR GAZA,
WHILE STREET CLASHES INTENSIFIED
IN JERUSALEM BETWEEN  POLICE AND
PALESTINIAN YOUTHS.
EACH SIDE CRITICIZED THE OTHER.
>> IT'S TIME NOW TO DO ONLY TWO
THINGS: TO RESPECT THE LAW AND
TO AVOID INCITEMENT.
>> ( translated ): THE ISRAELI
OCCUPATION IS RESPONSIBLE FOR
THIS ESCALATION.
THE PALESTINIAN PEOPLE ARE
ACTING IN SELF-DEFENSE.
>> Woodruff: ISRAELI PRIME
ED TO CALM THE SITUATIONAHU
TODAY, VOWING TO FIND THE
ATTACKERS RESPONSIBLE FOR THE
PALESTINIAN TEEN'S DEATH.
EARLIER IN THE WEEK, HE PLEDGED
TO MAKE HAMAS PAY.
THE LATEST MAJOR AUTO SAFETY
RECALL CAME TODAY FROM SUBARU.
THE COMPANY ANNOUNCED IT'S
CALLING IN MORE THAN 600,000
CARS AND SUV's WITH BRAKE LINES
THAT MAY BE PRONE TO RUST.
THE RECALL AFFECTS CERTAIN MODEL
YEARS OF THE LEGACY, OUTBACK,
IMPREZA AND FORESTER.
IT'S MAINLY FOR CARS SOLD IN
COLD WEATHER STATES WHERE SALT
IS USED TO TREAT ROADS IN
WINTER.
STILL AHEAD ON THE NEWSHOUR:
GOOD JOBS NEWS FROM THE MONTH OF
JUNE.
INCREASED AIRPORT SECURITY AND
SCREENING.
THE BACKLASH AGAINST COMMON CORE
EDUCATION STANDARDS.
CONSUMERISM IN RURAL BANGLADESH.
A REPORTER AND HIS SON EMBED
WITH U.S. TROOPS IN AFGHANISTAN.
AND, THE CASE FOR A NEW
INTERPRETATION OF THE
DECLARATION OF INDEPENDENCE.
>> Woodruff: THE UNEMPLOYMENT
RATE IN THE U.S. DROPPED TO 6.1%
IN JUNE, ITS LOWEST POINT SINCE
JUST BEFORE THE FINANCIAL CRISIS
OF 2008.
THAT NEWS CAME ALONG WITH A
STRONG HIRING REPORT, 288,000
MORE JOBS LAST MONTH.
WELL ABOVE MOST EXPECTATIONS AND
STIRRING HOPES, YET AGAIN, THAT
THE MOMENTUM IN THE JOBS MARKET
IS HERE TO STAY FOR A WHILE.
THE NEWSHOUR'S ECONOMICS
CORRESPONDENT, PAUL SOLMAN, HAS
THE STORY PART OF HIS ONGOING
REPORTING, MAKING SENSE OF
FINANCIAL NEWS.
>> Reporter: WHOPPING JOB GAINS,
UPPING THE AVERAGE OF THE LAST
FIVE MONTHS TO MORE THAN 200,000
A RECORD LAST SEEN IN THE TECH
BOOM OF THE LATE '90s.
ON A VISIT TO A TECH STARTUP HUB
IN WASHINGTON, PRESIDENT OBAMA
ACCENTUATED THE POSITIVE.
>> IT SHOULD BE A USEFUL
REMINDER TO PEOPLE ALL ACROSS
THE COUNTRY THAT GIVEN WHERE WE
STARTED BACK IN 2008, WE HAVE
MADE ENORMOUS STRIDES THANKS TO
THE HARD WORK OF THE AMERICAN
PEOPLE AND BUSINESSES.
>> Reporter: ECONOMISTS LIKE
BOSTON COLLEGE'S MATTHEW
RUTLEDGE WERE TAKEN BY SURPRISE.
>> A LOT MORE POSITIVE THAN I
WOULD HAVE FIGURED.
YOU KNOW, WE'RE EXPECTING OUR
USUAL 200,000 EXTRA JOBS AND IT
ACTUALLY CAME OUT MORE LIKE
300,000 JOBS AND THIS IS GREAT
NEWS.
BUT THE LATEST REPORT ON THE
ECONOMY AS A WHOLE, ON G.D.P.,
WAS THAT G.D.P. ACTUALLY SHRANK.
THIS IS THE EXACT OPPOSITE OF
WHAT WE WERE GETTING EARLIER IN
THE RECOVERY, WHERE WE WERE
GETTING G.D.P. GROWTH, BUT NO
JOB GROWTH.
NOW WE'RE GETTING JOB GROWTH,
BUT IT'S NOT EXACTLY CLEAR WHY.
IT DOESN'T SEEM LIKE PEOPLE ARE
PRODUCING ANYMORE.
MAYBE THEY'RE JUST FINALLY
GETTING AROUND TO HIRING PEOPLE
BACK.
>> Reporter: INDEED THE
EMPLOYMENT PICTURE SEEMED
BRIGHT, RIGHT ACROSS THE BOARD.
MORE JOBS AT RESTAURANTS AND
BARS, IN BUSINESS SERVICES,
MANUFACTURING, HEALTHCARE,
ARCHITECTURE.
OUR OWN INCLUSIVE U7 AND
UNDEREMPLOYMENT NUMBER WAS THE
LOWEST SINCE WE BEGAN
CALCULATING IT AT THE START OF
2011.
ANY CLOUDS?
WELL, MOST OF THE NEW JOBS
SEEMED TO BE PART-TIME.
AND THE PERCENTAGE OF THE
POPULATION OFFICIALLY IN THE
WORKFORCE REMAINED AT A LOW 60%
FOR THE THIRD STRAIGHT MONTH.
>> PARTICULARLY STRIKING TO ME
READING THIS MORNING'S NUMBERS
WAS THAT THE POPULATION GREW THE
USUAL 200,000 BUT THE CIVILIAN
LABOR FORCE DIDN'T GROW AT ALL.
>> WELL, WE KNOW THAT THE BABY
BOOM IS JUST REACHING THAT MAGIC
RETIREMENT AGE, 62, 65, 66.
AND SO WE'RE SEEING SOME OF
THOSE PEOPLE DROP OUT.
WE'RE SEEING THEM RETIRE ON
SCHEDULE.
BUT A LOT OF PEOPLE HAVE NOT
REALLY BEEN ABLE TO AFFORD TO
RETIRE.
SOME OF THEM ARE FINDING JOBS.
SOME OF THEM ARE STICKING WITH
THEIR JOB SEARCH LONGER THAN
THEY WOULD HAVE IN THE PAST.
>> Reporter: HOW DID AGE AFFECT
JOB GROWTH IN LAST MONTH'S
REPORT?
>> SO WE SAW HUGE JOB GROWTH
AMONG YOUNGER WORKERS.
25-54 WENT UP TO SOMETHING LIKE
500,000 TO 600,000 EXTRA JOBS.
AMONG PEOPLE 55 AND OLDER IT
BARELY WENT UP LESS THAN 100,000
JOBS.
AND THE UNEMPLOYMENT RATE FOR
MEN 55 AND OLDER ACTUALLY WENT
UP A LITTLE BIT.
>> Reporter: THAT RATE WENT UP
TO 4.9% IN JUNE WHILE THE NUMBER
OF UNEMPLOYED MEN OVER 55 ROSE
TO NEARLY 900,000.
>> WHAT THAT COULD REFLECT IS
THAT PEOPLE WITH THE BEST JOB
PROSPECTS HAVE BEEN ABLE TO TAKE
THAT FINANCIAL PORTFOLIO,
THEY'VE BEEN ABLE TO TAKE THEIR
MORE VALUABLE HOUSE, THEY'VE
BEEN ABLE TO TAKE THAT PENSION
COVERAGE AND WALK AWAY.
WHEREAS THE PEOPLE THAT ARE
LEFT, THE PEOPLE THAT ARE STILL
THE PEOPLE THAT HAVE TO OLDER,
CONTINUE TO LOOK BECAUSE THEY
DON'T HAVE THE OPTION TO DROP
OUT.
AND SO THAT'S WHY THE
UNEMPLOYMENT RATE IS A LITTLE
HIGHER THAN IT WOULD HAVE BEEN
OTHERWISE.
>> Reporter: RESEARCH BY
PROFESSOR RUTLEDGE AND OTHERS
HAS SHOWN THAT UNEMPLOYED OLDER
WORKERS REMAIN JOBLESS FOR
LONGER THAN THEIR YOUNGER
COUNTERPARTS SCARRED BY HAVING
BEEN LAID OFF AT A LATER AGE.
AS A RESULT WHEN THEY DO FIND
WORK, IT TENDS TO BE FOR A LOT
LESS MONEY.
>> THEY'RE GOING TO BE
ESPECIALLY WORSE OFF RELATIVE TO
YOUNGER WORKERS WHO ARE ABLE TO
BOUNCE BACK A LITTLE BIT BETTER.
SO NOT ONLY ARE OLDER WORKERS
LOOKING FOR A JOB FOR LONGER,
BUT THEY HAVE MORE DIFFICULTY
EVEN FINDING THAT JOB.
THE JOB THEY FIND WON'T
NECESSARILY BE AS GOOD AS THE
ONE THEY JUST LEFT.
>> Reporter: WHY?
>> IT MIGHT JUST BE THAT THERE'S
A LOT OF PEOPLE OUT THERE.
YOU DON'T HAVE TO HIRE AN OLDER
WORKER IF THERE'S A YOUNGER
WORKER THAT'S CHEAPER AND MAYBE,
AT LEAST YOU CAN PERCEIVE TO BE
MORE ADJUSTABLE, MORE TRAINABLE.
>> Reporter: IF THE ECONOMY
CONTINUES TO ADD MORE JOBS AT
THIS PACE, THOUGH, THE SO-CALLED
RESERVE ARMY OF THE UNEMPLOYED
WILL CONTINUE TO THIN, PROVIDING
HOPE EVEN FOR THOSE MOST SCARRED
BY THE GREAT RECESSION.
>> Woodruff: ADDITIONAL SECURITY
MEASURES, A RESPONSE TO
GOVERMENT CONCERNS OVER NEW
TERRORIST THREATS.
OFFICIALS TO TAKE ADDITIONAL
SAFETY MEASURERS AT A NUMBER OF
AIRPORTS IN EUROPE, MIDDLE EAST
AND AFRI TT HAHAVE FLIGHTS
DIRECTLY TO THE U.S.
AIRPORTS ON BOTH SIDES OF THE
ATLANTIC RAMPED UP SECURITY
AFTER AMERICAN OFFICIALS WARNED
OF POTENTIAL PLOTS TO SMUGGLE
BOMBS ON FLIGHTS TO THE U.S.
THEY SAID AL QAEDA AFFILIATES IN
YEMEN AND SYRIA ARE TRYING TO
MAKE BOMBS THAT CURRENT SECURITY
MEASURES WON'T DETECT.
THE SECRETARY OF HOMELAND
SECURITY JEH JOHNSON APPEARED
LAST NIGHT ON MSNBC.
>> PEOPLE SHOULD NOT OVERREACT
TO IT OR OVER-SPECULATE ABOUT
WHAT'S GOING ON.
BUT THERE CLEARLY ARE CONCERNS
CENTERED AROUND AVIATION
SECURITY THAT WE NEED TO BE
VIGILANT ABOUT.
THERE IS A TERRORIST THREAT TO
THIS COUNTRY THAT REMAINS, AND I
BELIEVE THAT COUNTER TERRORISM
NEEDS TO BE THE CORNERSTONE OF
OUR MISSION, OUR VAST MISSION.
>> Woodruff: AL-QAEDA'S YEMEN
BRANCH, KNOWN AS A.Q.A.P. WAS
BEHIND THE SO CALLED UNDERWEAR
BOMBER ON CHRISTMAS DAY 2009.
A NIGERIAN MAN TRIED AND FAILED
TO SET OFF PLASTIC EXPLOSIVES
INSIDE HIS UNDERWEAR ON A FLIGHT
TO DETROIT.
THE FOLLOWING YEAR, A.Q.A.P.
TRIED AGAIN, PLACING BOMBS IN
PRINTER CARTRIDGES ON CARGO
PLANES BOUND FOR THE U.S.
THEY WERE INTERCEPTED AND
DISARMED.
NOW, THE DEPARTMENT OF HOMELAND
SECURITY IS ASKING FOR EXPANDED
PASSENGER SCREENING WITH SPECIAL
EMPHASIS ON SMART PHONES AND
SHOES.
BRITISH PRIME MINISTER DAVID
CAMERON PLEDGED HIS SUPPORT
TODAY.
THIS IS SOMETHING WE'VE
DISCUSSED WITH THE AMERICANS AND
WHAT WE'VE DONE IS PUT IN PLACE
SOME EXTRA PRECAUTIONS AND EXTRA
CHECKS.
THE SAFETY OF THE TRAVELLING
PUBLIC MUST COME FIRST.
WE MUSTN'T TAKE ANY RISKS WITH
THAT, I HOPE THIS WON'T LEAD TO
UNNECESSARY DELAYS, BUT IT'S
VERY IMPORTANT THAT WE ALWAYS
PUT SAFETY FIRST AND WE DO.
>> Woodruff: ALSO TODAY, THE
U.S. EMBASSY IN UGANDA WARNED OF
A THREAT TO ATTACK ENTEBBE
INTERNATIONAL AIRPORT, TONIGHT.
U.S. OFFICIALS SAID THE
INFORMATION CAME FROM UGANDAN
POLICE.
FOR MORE ON THIS THREAT WARNING
I'M JOINED NOW BY RICHARD
BARRETT, HE RAN THE UNITED
NATION'S AL QAEDA MONITORING
TEAM FOR NEARLY A DECADE.
UNITIL HE STEPPED DOWN.
HE IS A FORMER MEMBER OF THE
BRITISH SECRET INTELLIGENCE
SERVICE.
RICHARD BARRETT, WE WELCOME YOU.
FIRST OF ALL, DO WE KNOW EXACTLY
WHAT CAUSED AUTHORITIES TO BE
CONCERNED?
>> NO, BUT AS A COINCIDENCE OF
THINGS GOING ON HERE, AS YOUR
REPORT SAID, ARCHIVING THE
ARABIAN PENINSULA WHICH IS KNOWN
FOR MAKING THESE SORT OF BOMBS,
BEING IN DISCUSSIONS AND MOVING
PERSONNEL UP TO NORTHERN SYRIA
WHERE THE AL QUAIDA FILLIA IS ON
THIS FRONT IS ALSO THREATENING
TO AMOUN MOUNT ATTACKS AS WELL.
IN ADDITION TO THAT, I THINK
AL QUAIDA THINKS ITS CREDIBILITY
IS AT STAKE BECAUSE THE ISRAELI
EXTENT HAS TAKEN OVER GLORY IF
YOU LIKE AND GOTTEN ALL THE
ATTENTION OF THE CURRENT
TERRORIST GROUP AT THE MOMENT
AND AL QUAIDA PROBABLY FEELS
THEY MAY NEED TO DO SOMETHING TO
RECAPTURE THE LOST GROUND.
>> Woodruff: DO WE KNOW IF
THERE WAS A SPECIFIC THREAT OR
JUST A GENERAL PIECING OF
DIFFERENT THREADS OF INFORMATION
TOGETHER?
>> WELL, THAT I DON'T KNOW.
BUT CLEARLY, IT IS A TIME WHEN
PEOPLE NEED TO BE ALERT.
IT'S A HOLIDAY PERIOD COMING UP,
OF COURSE, AND MANY PEOPLE
TRAVELING AROUND, AND I GUESS
THAT THERE'S NO HARM IN
REMINDING PEOPLE THAT THESE
CHECKS ARE FOR A PURPOSE AND
REMINDING THE PEOPLE WHO CARRY
OUT THE CHECKS THAT THEIR WORK
IS VERY SERIOUS AND NEEDS TO BE
DONE PROPERLY.
SO THERE MAY HAVE BEEN SOME SORT
OF INDICATIONS OF A POSSIBILITY
OF INCREASED THREAT, BUT I
THINK, GENERALLY SPEAKING, IT'S
CONSIDERED A GOOD TIME JUST TO
GET PEOPLE BACK ON THEIR TOES.
>> Woodruff: WHY, RICHARD
BARRETT, IS AL QUAIDA IN THE
ARABIAN PENINSULA OF PARTICULAR
CONCERN?
>> WELL, THERE'S A MAN CALLED
al-SIRI WHO IS ACTIVE IN
CREATING THE BOMBS, A SAUDI
CHEMIST WHO'S BEEN ACTIVE FOR
SOME TIME AND SENT HIS BROTHER
IN 2009 TO TRY TO KILL THE
DEPUTY INTERIOR MINISTRY IN
CHARGE OF THE AL QUAIDA ACCOUNT,
AND THAT GUY APPARENTLY HAD A
BOMB WHICH EVADED THEIRS
DETECTING MECHANISMS AND ALMOST
KILLED THE PRINCE.
SO BEYOND THAT, WHEN THERE WAS
OMAR MU TALL LAB, IN CHRISTMAS
OF 2009, AND THEN THE PRINTER
BOMBS, THIS GUY HAS TECHNIQUES
THAT ARE DIFFICULT TO DETECT.
>> Woodruff: IS ANYTHING
PUBLICLY KNOWN ABOUT WHAT KINDS
OF BOMBS THEY MAE BE EX
MEASUREMENTING WITH?
IS THE INTELLIGENCE THAT GOOD?
>> THE INTELLIGENCE IS NOT TOO
BAD.
THE CHRISTMAS DAY BOMBER WAS
ANALYZED AND SO, TOO, WERE THE
BOMBS IN THE PRINTERS AND MORE
RECENTLY, THEY MADE THE MISTAKE
OF GIVING A BOMB TO SOMEBODY WHO
WAS PREPARED TO HAND IT OVER TO
THE SAUDI AUTHORITIES, SO THAT
BOMB IS ALSO BEING EXAMINED.
SO THERE'S QUITE A LOT OF
KNOWLEDGE ABOUT WHAT THEY'RE
TRYING TO DO, BUT THE TENDENCY
THEY ARE WORKING WITH EMITS VERY
LITTLE VAPOR TO BE DETECTED BY
CURRENT MACHINERY.
>> Woodruff: THE ASSUMPTION IS
THESE FOLKS ARE WORKING ALL THE
TIME TO TRY TO COME UP WITH
SOMETHING THAT CAN GET THROUGH
SECURITY.
>> EXACTLY RIGHT, AND THEY
PROBABLY KNOW A CERTAIN AMOUNT
OF THE CAPACITY OF THE MACHINES
BEING USED AT AIRPORTS AND,
THEREFORE, THEY HAVE A BAR THAT
THEY HAVE TO CROSS AND THEY KNOW
WHAT THE BAR IS AND THEY ONLY
HAVE TO CROSS IT ONCE TO CAUSE
EVERYBODY A CONSIDERABLE UPSET.
>> Woodruff: YOU MENTIONED
EARLIER AL QUAIDA FEELING THAT
ITS CREDIBILITY MAY BE AT RISK,
AND THERE WAS REPORTING A FEW
WEEKS AGO WITH THE ADVANCES OF
I.S.I.L. IN IRAQ, THERE WAS
REPORTING ABOUT PREVIOUSLY THE
TWO HAVING BEEN SPLIT AND NOW
THAT WE SEE I.S.I.L. MAKING
THESE ADVANCES, I MEAN, COULD
THAT LITERALLY BE WHAT'S DRIVING
AL QUAIDA TO WANT TO DO
SOMETHING DRAMATIC BECAUSE THEY
SEE I.S.I.L. GETTING ALL THIS
ATTENTION?
>> I THINK SO, YES.
I THINK YOU'RE RIGHT ON THAT.
I THINK THAT AL QUAIDA WILL NOT
WANT TO BE DRIVEN BY OTHER
PEOPLE'S TIMETABLES, BUT, AT THE
SAME TIME, THEY REALLY NEED TO
DO SOMETHING BECAUSE, REALLY,
SINCE THE JULY 2005 BOMBINGS IN
LONDON, THEY HAVEN'T ACHIEVED
VERY MUCH EXCEPT GIVING OUT
STATEMENTS AND THREATENING
PEOPLE, AND THAT ONLY LASTS SO
LONG WHEN YOU'VE GOT ANOTHER
RIVAL GROUP LIKE I.S.I.L.
ATTRACTING A LOT OF RECRUITS AND
MONEY.
SO I THINK THEY'RE GOING TO DO
SOMETHING BECAUSE THEY HAVE TO
BALANCE THE DOWN SIDE OF A
BOTCHED ATTEMPT WITH DOING
SOMETHING THAT HAS AN EFFECT AND
SHOWS THEY'RE STILL POWERFUL.
>> Woodruff: GIVE US A SENSE
OF WHAT MORE CAN BE DONE
BECAUSE, YOU KNOW, THERE ARE
TIMES WHEN MANY AMERICANS FEEL
THERE'S ALREADY SO MUCH SECURITY
THAT'S IN PLACE, HOW M MORE
CAN BE DONE OVERSEAS AT THESE
AIRPORTS TO ENSURE THAT FLIGHTS
ARE AS SAFE AS POSSIBLE?
>> YEAH, I THINK YOU MAKE A VERY
GOOD POINT THERE.
THERE'S ONLY SO MUCH SECURITY
THAT YOU CAN IMPOSE ON PEOPLE, A
LOT OF SECURITY HAS TO COME FROM
THE PEOPLE THEMSELVES.
SO THERE'S QUESTIONS THAT YOU'RE
ASKED, DID YOU PACK YOUR BAGS
YOURSELF, DID YOU ACCEPT
ANYTHING FROM SOMEBODY ELSE THAT
YOU BROUGHT WITH YOU IN YOUR
LUGGAGE?
SO IT'S A SENSIBLE QUESTION AND
SHOULD BE TAKEN SERIOUSLY BY THE
PEOPLE WHO ANSWER THEM.
BUT BEYOND THAT, I
NEED PROTECTION AGAINST ATTACKS
WILL BE COMING FROM THE
COMMUNITY, AND THE CLOSER
AUTHORITIES CAN WORK WITH
COMMUNITIES FROM WHICH THE
VULNERABLE PEOPLE MAY BE
RECRUITED TO TERRORIST ACTIVITY,
MAY BE EASIER TO SPOT THEM IN
ADVANCE RATHER THAN SCREENING
EVERYBODY.
>> Woodruff: RICHARD BARRETT,
WE THANK YOU.
A TIME FOR VIGILANCE.
WE APPRECIATE IT.
>> THANK YOU.
>> Woodruff: STUDENTS AND
TEACHERS MAY BE ENJOYING THEIR
SUMMER VACATION FROM THE
CLASSROOM.
BUT THAT HASN'T STOPPED THE RED-
HOT DEBATE OVER THE SO CALLED
COMMON CORE EDUCATION STANDARDS,
AND NEW TESTS THAT GO ALONG WITH
THEM.
THE BATTLE IS PICKING UP
MOMENTUM ON A NUMBER OF FRONTS.
JEFFREY BROWN HAS OUR UPDATE.
>> Reporter: ONE MAJOR
BATTLEGROUND: A GROWING LIST OF
STATES THAT ARE DROPPING THE
COMMON CORE STANDARDS.
INDIANA, OKLAHOMA AND SOUTH
CAROLINA HAVE DONE SO.
LOUISIANA GOVERNOR BOBBY JINDAL
HAS ISSUED AN ORDER FOR HIS
STATE TO JOIN THEM.
BUT NOW, EVEN PLACES COMMITTED
TO KEEPING THE GUIDELINES ARE
DECIDING TO SLOW THINGS DOWN.
AT LEAST SEVEN STATES AND
WASHINGTON D.C., HAVE POSTPONED
TYING TEACHER AND SCHOOL
EVALUATIONS TO STUDENT SCORES ON
COMMON CORE-BASED TESTS.
FOR A BREAKDOWN OF WHAT'S GOING
ON, WE CHECK IN WITH CARMEL
MARTIN, EXECUTIVE VICE PRESIDENT
OF THE "CENTER FOR AMERICAN
PROGRESS" AND FORMER ASSISTANT
SECRETARY OF EDUCATION.
AND RICK HESS, DIRECTOR OF
EDUCATION POLICY STUDIES FOR THE
AMERICAN ENTERPRISE INSTITUTE.
WELCOME TO BOTH OF YOU.
>> THANKS.
>> Brown: CARMEL MARTIN, YOU
BACKED THE COMMON CORE IDEA.
REMIND US OF THE ESSENCE AND WHY
IT WOULD BE USEFUL.
>> THE ESSENCE IS A GROUP OF
STATE ACTORS GOT TOGETHER, A
BUNCH OF GOVERNORS AND CHIEF
STATE SCHOOL OFFICERS ON A
BIPARTISAN BASIS GOT TOGETHER
AND SAID OUR CURRENT SYSTEM OF
PATCHWORK OF STANDARDS ISN'T
WORKING.
WE HAVE ONE IN FOUR STUDENTS
GOING TO COLLEGE AND ARE SHOWING
UP, THEY'RE NOT READY FOR
COLLEGE-LEVEL WORK.
ONLY A THIRD OF OUR EIGHTH
GRADERS ARE PROFICIENT IN MATH
AND READING.
SO THE STATE LEADERS SAID ONE OF
THE THINGS WE NEED TO DO TO FIX
THE PROBLEM IS TO HAVE A NEW SET
OF STANDARDS ALIGNED TO WHAT THE
CORE SET OF CONTENT AND SKILLS
THAT STUDENTS NEED TO BE
SUCCESSFUL IN COLLEGE AND
CAREER, AND THEY GOT TOGETHER
AND DEVELOPED THE COMMON CORE
AND WE BELIEVE VERY STRONGLY
THAT THAT'S A VERY IMPORTANT
FOUNDATION UPON WHICH TO BUILD
OUR EDUCATION SYSTEM.
>> Brown: RICK HESS, WHAT ARE
THE DOWNSIDES, THE CONCERNS?
>> WE TALK A LOT ABOUT THE
COMMON CORE STANDARDS.
STANDARDS ARE A LOT LIKE THE
MISSION STATEMENT IN
McDONALD'S WHEN YOU WALK IN.
YOU LIKE THE SERVICE TO BE QUICK
AND PROMPT.
DOESN'T ACTUALLY MEAN MUCH.
THE REALITY IS THE SIGNIFICANCE
OF THE COMMON CORE HAS BEEN
DRAMATICALLY OVERBLOWN BY BOTH
SIDES.
IT'S COMMON CORE, WHICH ARE
STANDARDS AND TESTS.
THE STANDARDS DON'T MATTER MUCH.
WHAT MATTERS ARE THE TESTS AND
THAT'S THE THING THAT'S FALLING
APART.
THIRD, IF IT HAD TRULY BEEN A
BIPARTISAN GROUP OF GOVERNORS
DOING THIS, THE REALITY AS IT
HAS PLAYED OUT, THERE HAS BEEN
DRAMATIC INTERVENTION BY THE
OBAMA ADMINISTRATION AND THAT
POLITICIZED AN ISSUE THAT
DOESN'T NEED TO BE POLITICIZED.
>> Brown: ADDRESS THE STATES
THAT ARE PUSHING BACK AND
DROPPING IT BECAUSE OF WHAT
THEY'RE BASICALLY SAYING IT'S A
LOCAL ISSUE AND THE FEDERAL
GOVERNMENT SHOULD BE OUT OF
THIS.
>> WELL, IT IS A LOCAL ISSUE,
AND THESE STANDARDS WERE
DEVELOPED BY LOCAL AND STATE
LEADERS.
THEY BROUGHT IN EXPERTS FROM
AROUND THE COUNTRY.
THEY BROUGHT IN TEACHERS TO COME
IN AND ASK THEIR OPINION.
THEY BROUGHT PEOPLE FROM THE
BUSINESS SECTOR, THE MILITARY,
THE POSTSECONDARY SECTOR, AND IT
WAS A LOCALLY-DRIVEN THING.
WHAT THE OBAMA ADMINISTRATION
DID WAS BACKED THE PLAY OF A LOT
OF STATE AND LOCAL LEADERS AND I
DON'T THINK THAT WAS
INAPPROPRIATE FOR THEM TO DO SO.
I MEAN, WE HAVE SEEN EFFORTS IN
THE PAST WHERE THE FEDERAL
GOVERNMENT TRIED TO DEVELOP A
NATIONAL SET OF STANDARDS.
THAT'S NOT WHAT THIS IS.
I THINK IT'S APPROPRIATE -- AN
APPROPRIATE ACT OF FEDERALISM
FOR THE PRESIDENT AND THE
SECRETARY OF EDUCATION TO SAY
YOU'VE GOT A GREAT IDEA HERE, WE
THINK IT OFFERS A TREMENDOUS
AMOUNT OF PROSPECTS FOR OUR
CHILDREN, WE'RE GOING TO SUPPORT
YOU IN WHAT YOU'RE DOING, AND I
THINK THAT'S THE OPPOSITE OF
FEDERAL OVERREACH.
I THINK WHAT'S HAPPENING IN A
LOT OF THE STATES THAT ARE
BACKING OFF IS THERE ARE SOME
FOLKS ON THE RIGHT WHO ARE USING
THIS AS A POLITICAL FOOTBALL.
WE SEE WITHIN THE REPUBLICAN
PARTY AN EXTREME WING THAT'S
PUSHING THEIR LEADERS TO TAKE
WHAT I THINK ARE NONSENSICAL
STANCES.
GOVERNOR JINDAL GOT ATTACKED
POLITICALLY AND BACKED AWAY.
WHAT WE NEED TO DO TO SAY TO THE
STATE LEADERS IS IF THEY WANT TO
TURN AWAY FROM COMMON CORE, THEY
NEED TO MAKE SURE THEY DO IT
BECAUSE THEY DON'T BELIEVE THE
STANDARDS ARE GOOD BUT NOT FOR
POLITICAL REASONS.
>> Brown: IS POLITICS DRIVING
THIS?
>> PUBLIC SCHOOLS SPEND
$6 BILLION A YEAR OF PUBLIC
FUNDS.
WE MAKE DECISIONS THROUGH THE
POLITICAL PROCESS, SO THIS
SHOULD BE A POLITICAL
CONVERSATION.
>> Brown: SHOULD BE.
NOTHING WRONG WITH IT.
>> NOTHING WRONG WIT.
THE FACT THAT 40-ODD STATES
SIGNED ON TO THE COMMON CORE
ESSENTIALLY IN THE DARK OF NIGHT
IN 2009 AND 2010 WITH LITTLE
DISCUSSION AND MEDIA COVERAGE
SHOULD GIVE US PAUSE.
WE'RE SUPPOSED TO DEBATE THESE
KINDS OF THINGS IN AMERICA.
THE REALITY IS PRESIDENT OBAMA
AND SECRETARY DUNCAN REWARDED
STATES FOR ADOPTING COMMON CORE
THROUGH THE TOP PROGRAM AND
ENCOURAGED THEM TOA DON'T
THROUGH THE ELEMENTARY AND
SECONDARY EDUCATION WAIVERS.
THEY PUT $350 MILLION INTO THE
TESTS.
THE 2012 DEMOCRATIC PLATFORM
CREDITED PRESIDENT OBAMA WITH
GETTING STATES TO ADOPT THE
COMMON CORE.
UNFORTUNATELY, THE OBAMA
ADMINISTRATION, FOR WHATEVER
REASON, DECIDED THAT IT WANTS TO
BE DRIVING THIS TRAIN, AND I
THINK IT'S UNSURPRISING THAT
REPUBLICAN GOVERNORS ARE WORRIED
ABOUT STATE PREROGATIVES ARE
PUSHING BACK.
>> Brown: WHAT ABOUT MOVES TO
SLOW THINGS DOWN FRENCH -- SLOWS
DOWN EVEN FROM PROPONENTS.
>> THESE STANDARDS DIDN'T HAPPEN
OVERNIGHT.
THE GROUP OF STATE LEADERS THAT
DEVELOPED THE STANDARDS,
DEMOCRATS AND REPUBLICANS TOOK
YEARS, THEY BUILT STAKEHOLDER
SUPPORT AND ALSO BUILT A PROCESS
THAT BROUGHT IN A TREMENDOUS
AMOUNT OF STAKEHOLDER INPUT
INCLUDING HUNDREDS OF TEACHERS.
I THINK THE CAUSE FOR THE PAUSE
IS BECAUSE, ON THE
IMPLEMENTATION SIDE -- I MEAN, I
THINK ONE THING THAT RICK AND I
CAN AGREE ABOUT IS THAT
STANDARDS DON'T HAVE A LOT OF
MEANING IF YOU DON'T DO THE HARD
WORK TRANSLATING THE STANDARD
INTO TEACHING.
IT TAKES WORK AND RESOURCES AND
THERE HAVE BEEN CONCERNS ABOUT
THE IMPLEMENTATION EFFORTS BEING
UNEVEN.
WE CAN'T PAUSE.
KIDS CAN'T WAIT.
THEY ONLY HAVE ONE CHANCE OF AN
EDUCATION SO WE CAN'T PAUSE IN
TERMS OF IMPLEMENTING THE
STANDARDS AND MODIFYING TEACHING
TO MEET THE STANDARDS BECAUSE
ALL OUR KIDS DESERVE HIGHER
EXPECTATIONS.
>> Brown: ARE YOU AFRAID A
POWS MIGHT LOSE MORE MOMENTUM TO
THE COMMON CORE ROLE?
>> THEY NEED TO BE CAREFUL TO
DISTINGUISH BETWEEN A PAUSE WITH
RESPECT TO IMPLEMENTING THE
STANDARDS AND MOVING FORWARD
WITH DEVELOPING AND IMPLEMENTING
HIGH-QUALITY ASSESSMENTS ALIGNED
TO THE STANDARDS AS WELL AS
TEXTBOOKS AND CURRICULUM AND
HAVING A PAUSE ON HOW TEST
RESULTS ARE USED.
I THINK IT IS FAIR TO TEAC
AND TO SCHOOLS AND STUDENTS TO
SAY IT'S A WHOLE NEW SET OF
STANDARDS, IT'S A BRAND-NEW
TEST.
WE'RE GOING TO GIVE YOU AN
OPPORTUNITY TO ADJUST TO THOSE
NG HOLD YOU TO
HIGH STAKES ATTACHED TO JUST A
TEST SCORE.
>> Brown: THE LAST WORD, RICK
HESS, DO YOU SEE THE OPPOSITION
CONTINUING TO GROW IS THIS.
>> I THINK SO.
WHAT'S IMPORTANT TO KEEP IN MIND
IS WE HAD A HEALTHY BIPARTISAN
AGREEMENT ON SCHOOL REFORM IN
THIS COUNTRY FOR A FOUR OR
FIVE-YEAR STRETCH.
ONE OF THE UNFORTUNATE THINGS IS
BY PUSHING COMMON CORE IN THIS
WAY YOU SEE A FRAG MEN
ADMINISTRATION OF PARTISAN BUSH
AROUND TEACHING EVALUATION,
AROUND EFFORTS TO REWARD GREAT
TEACHERS.
I THINK COMMON CORE IS A LOT
ABOUT PLUMING IN YOUR HOUSE,
IT'S DESIGNED TO TOUCH
EVERYTHING.
IT'S THE STANDARDS TEACHERS ARE
TEACHING TO, THE TESTS TEACHERS
AND SCHOOLS ARE BEING JUDGED ON.
UNFORTUNATELY, ONCE YOU TINKER
WITH THE PLUMBING, IF YOU DON'T
GET IT JUST RIGHT, YOU GET A LOT
OF LEAKS THAT TOUCH A LOT OF
ROOMS AND THAT'S WHERE WE ARE.
>> Brown: WE WILL CONTINUE TO
FALL LOW THIS.
CARMEL MARTIN AND RICK H
THANK YOU VERY MUCH.
>> THANKS FOR HAVING US.
>> Woodruff: NEXT, BRINGING
COSMETICS, CONSUMERISM, AND A
LITTLE CONTROVERSY TO WOMEN IN
RURAL BANGLADESH.
SPECIAL CORRESPONDENT FRED DE
SAM LAZARO HAS THIS REPORT AS
PART OF HIS SERIES AGENTS FOR
CHANGE.
SELLING PRODUCTS IN A NEW
CONSUMER CULTURE AMONG SOME OF
THE WORLD'S POOREST PEOPLE.
>> OUR HUSBANDS ARE NOT ALWAYS
AROUND, SO IT IS DIFFICULT TO GO
TO THE MARKET.
IT'S MUCH EASIER TO WAY.
WE CAN GET OUR DAILY
NECESSITIES, LIKE SOAP AND
SHAMPOO HERE.
>> IT'S A PARTNERSHIP BETWEEN A
SOCIAL BUSINESS SOCIETY UP BY
THE CHARITY CARE AND SOME LARGE
MULTI-NATIONAL AND NATIONAL
COMPANIES.
MOST COMMERCIAL PRODUCTS DON'T
REACH RURAL COMMUNITIES.
THEY'RE TOO ISOLATED OR POOR TO
BE PART OF  NORMAL
DISTRIBUTION AND SALES NETWORK.
THE DUTCH MULTI-NATIONAL THAT
SELLS EVERYTHING FROM SOAP TO
LIPTON TEA CLAIMS 2 BILLION
PEOPLE USE ITS PRODUCTS EVERY
DAY BUT THE COMPANY STRUGGLES TO
REACH PEOPLE IN THESE REMOTE
PARTS OF SOUTH ASIA.
>> THERE ARE A NUMBER, IT'S VERY
DIFFICULT.
IN THIS PART OF THE
ORGANIZATION, WE CAN REACH OUR
OWN HOUSES DIRECTLY.
>> WHILE SALES WOMEN GO VILLAGE
TO VILLAGE OR DOOR TO DOOR,
OUTREACH WORKERS TRAINED BY CARE
BETTER KNOWN FOR BETT FAMILY
PLANNING AND IMMUNIZATION
DISPENSE WAFERS AND FEMININE
PADS.
IT WAS A MAJOR SHIFT IN MINDSET
FOR THE DEVELOPMENT AGENCY.
>> WE NEVER TALKED OF A PRIVATE
SECTOR.
WE SEE THEM AS AN EVIL TO THE
SOCIETY.
>> Reporter: BUT HE SAYS THE
THINKING HAS SHIFTED TO
PROMOTING ENTREPRENEURSHIP.
WHAT IF THEY COULD CREATE AN
A-VON-TYPE FORCE TARGETING OTHER
CONSUMERS INSIDE THEIR HOMES,
WOMEN OFTEN PREVENTED FROM GOING
TO MARKET THEMSELVES BECAUSE OF
CULTURAL PROHIBITIONS.
THE WOMEN WOULD EARN MONEY AND
THE BUYERS WOULD HAVE ACCESS TO
SOAP AND OTHER HIGENIC PRODUCTS.
BUT WHAT PRODUCTS SHOULD BE SOLD
ALONDEIES LIKE SOAP
HAS BEEN CONTROVERSIAL.
>> THANK YOU ALL FOR COMING TO
THIS TRAINING TODAY.
I KNOW YOU'VE ALL TRAVELED A
LONG WAY TO GET HERE.
>> Reporter: THE WOMEN HERE
ARE BEING BRIEFED AND TRAINED ON
A NEW PRODUCT TO ADD TO THE
BASKET, A PRE-PAID CELL PHONE
CARD.
ONE OF THE HOTTEST SELLERS, FAIR
AND LOVELY, A SKIN WHITENING
CREAM, WIDELY ADVERTISED ACROSS
THIS REGION AND POPULAR FOR THE
CORPORATION.
>> BEAUTY IS CREATED WITH FAIR
SKIN, AND THIS HAS HAD A
TERRIBLE IMPACT ON YOUNG GIRLS.
>> Reporter: THE PROFESSOR
WRITES ABOUT WOMEN'S ISSUES.
SHE AND OTHER PROTESTED SKIN
LIGHTENERS SAYING IT REINFORCES
AGE-OLD BIASES.
>> I AM A TEACHER AND I KNOW
GIRLS REALLY SUFFER IF THEY ARE
DARK.
TRADITIONALLY THEY SUFFER
BECAUSE THEY WEREN'T CONSIDERED
ELIGIBLE IN THE MARRIAGE MARKET,
TODAY THEY'RE NOT CONSIDERED
BEAUTIFUL.
PEOPLE DO ALL KINDS OF THINGS TO
THEIR SKIN TO BECOME FAIRER.
TO PUSH THIS AND FOR A
DEVELOPMENT ORGANIZATION TO
ENDORSE THIS IS SOMETHING THAT I
WOULD BE VERY CRITICAL OF.
>> Reporter: THERE'S ALSO THE
CONCERN OF THE SPREAD OF
CONSUMERISM.
>> IT WALKS HAND IN HAND
TOGETHER.
>> Reporter: IN ALL CASES, HE
SAYS THE COMPANY MUST WALK A
FINE LINE BETWEEN PROTECTING THE
INTEREST OF
WALK A FINE LINE BETWEEN
PROTECTING THE INTERESTS OF THE
WOMEN THEY WANT TO HELP AND
PATERNALISM.
>> WHO ARE WE TO JUDGE WHETHER
OR NOT A WOMAN IN THE VILLAGE,
IT IS UP TO THE DISCRETION OF
THE GIRL THAT USING FAIR AND
LOVELY IS GIVING HER THE
ASPIRATION, THE SELF-CONFIDENCE
THEN I DON'T SEE AS TO WHY WE
SHOULD THROW IT AWAY,
IMMEDIATELY.
>> Reporter: ONE THING SEEMS
CERTAIN: THE PRODUCT-LONG AND
WIDELY ADVERTISED IS VERY
POPULAR.
>> HOW MANY OF YOU USE FAIR AND
LOVELY?
ALL OF US!
I USE IT TO MAKE MY SKIN FAIRER
AND TO TREAT PIMPLES.
I HAVE USED IT FOR YEARS TO
TREAT PIMPLES AND ALSO TO REMOVE
DARK SPOTS.
>> Reporter: FOR THEIR PART,
COSMETIC COMPANIES SAY THEY'RE
ONLY MEETING CONSUMER DEMAND.
WHEN I ASKED UNILEVER'S ISLAM IF
HIS COMPANY CREATES THAT DEMAND
WITH ITS ADS, HE SAID THE
QUESTION WAS ABOVE HIS PAY
GRADE.
HE SAID ONLY THAT FAIR AND
LOVELY WORKS.
>> IT REALLY CREATES FAIRNESS.
>> IT DOES WHAT IT PROMISES?
>> IT DOES.
JITA OFFICIALS SAY THE PROGRAM
HAS THREE CATEGORIES OF PRODUCT.
FIRST THE DESIRABLE: HEALTH AND
HYGIENE ITEMS, SEEDS FOR
PLANTING, OR SOLAR LAMPS, FOR
EXAMPLE.
THERE ARE THE UNACCEPTABLE:
CIGARETTES, SAY.
IN THE MIDDLE ARE ITEMS CALLED
ACCEPTABLE.
THAT'S WHERE FAIR AND LOVELY
FITS
>> ITS REQUIRED FOR THE
SUSTAINABILITY OF THE CHANNEL.
THE WOMEN CANNOT HAVE ENOUGH
INCOME WITHOUT SELLING THESE
FAST MOVING CONSUMER GOODS.
>> Reporter: AMONG THESE FAST
MOVING CONSUMER GOODS, JITA SAIF
RASHID SAYS THE SKIN CREAM HAS
THE HIGHEST PROFIT MARGIN.
>> WE'RE LOOKING TO DEVELOP
ALTERNATIVES, WHICH WILL NOT
PROMOTE FAIRNESS BUT WILL
PROMOTE NEEDS IN TERMS OF SKIN
CARE
>> Reporter: THANKS TO PRESSURE
FROM JITA'S BOARD AMONG OTHERS,
IT HAS SET A 2015 DEADLINE TO
MAKE A CHANGE.
>> SO BY 2015 YOU WILL HAVE
REPLACED FAIR AND LOVELY WITH AN
ALTERNATIVE PRODUCT THAT WILL
HOPEFULLY NOT DIMINISH THE
WOMEN'S INCOME?
>> YES.
>> Reporter: BUT RETAINING WOMEN
HAS BEEN A CHALLENGE: ABOUT ONE
IN FIVE DROP OUT; THEY DON'T
FEEL CUT OUT FOR SALES OR
MIGRATE TO URBAN AREAS IN SEARCH
OF MORE INCOME.
THE SALES JOBS PAY ANYWHERE FROM
12.5O FOR THOSE STARTING OUT TO
$46 A MONTH FOR EXPERIENCED
SELLERS-NOT MUCH EVEN BY
BANGLADESH'S LOW WAGE
STANDARDS.
BUT JITA OFFICIALS SAY THEIR
SALES JOBS ARE PART TIME-AIMED
AT MARRIED WOMEN AND PROVIDE
CRITICAL SUPPLEMENTAL INCOME.
THEY SAY IT CAN MEAN A BETTER
DIET, OR CHILDREN'S EDUCATION
Sound-up: I'm poor.  I have not
been able to dream a lot...
>> Reporter: FOR HER PART,
SHIREEN AKHTAR, WHOSE HUSBAND
WORKS IN BANGLADESH'S CAPITAL AS
A LABORER, SAYS HER JOB HAS
BROUGHT IMPROVEMENTS.
A LARGER HOME, A TUBE WELL THAT
HAS BRINGS SAFE WATER INTO IT,
AND A CHANGE TO DREAM FOR HER 11
YEAR OLD SON.
>> I WANT HIM TO GROW FROM A BOY
INTO A BIG MAN.
AFTER SEVENTH GRADE, I WANT HIM
TO GO TO CADET SCHOOL.
AFTER THAT HE WILL BE ABLE TO DO
ANYTHING HE WANTS.
>> Reporter: JITA OFFICIALS SAY
THE PROGRAM IS EXPECTED TO GROW
TO 12,000 WOMEN.
ITS ONE OF SEVERAL ATTEMPTS TO
ATTACK POVERTY ENTRENCHED IN
SOME OF THE MOST DIFFICULT TO
REACH AND REMOTE AREAS.
AND A TRIAL RUN THEY HOPE FOR
MORE ALLIANCES THAT LINK AID
CHARITIES WITH CONSUMER-ORIENTED
BUSINESSES.
>> Woodruff: FRED'S REPORTING IS
A PARTNERSHIP WITH THE UNDER-
TOLD STORIES PROJECT AT ST.
MARY'S UNIVERSITY OF MINNESOTA.
>> Woodruff: A NUMBER OF
REPORTERS OVER THE PAST DECADE
HAVE COVERED THE WAR IN
AFGHANISTAN.
BUT THERE HAS BEEN ONLY ONE
FATHER AND SON TEAM.
ABC NEWS PRODUCER AND VETERAN
WAR CORRESPONDENT MICHAEL
BOETTCHER AND HIS SON CARLOS
SPENT OVER TWO YEARS WITH
VARIOUS ARMY AND MARINE CORPS
UNITS AS THEY WENT OUT ON PATROL
AND BATTLED THE TALIBAN.
BESIDES PRODUCING NEWS REPORTS,
THEY ALSO MADE A FEATURE LENGTH
FI
"THE HORNET'S NEST" WHICH WAS
RECENTLY RELEASED.
AND MICHEAL BOETTCHER JOINS ME
NOW.
MIKE, AT THE BEGINNING OF THIS
FILM, YOU SAY THE IDEA GREW OUT
OF YOUR LONG, MANY YEARS YOU
SPENT ON THE ROAD COVERING WARS
AS A FOREIGN CORRESPONDENT.
TELL OUR AUDIENCE WHERE THE IDEA
CAME FROM.
>> WELL, JUDY, AS YOU KNOW, I
HAVE BEEN KICKING AROUND DOING
THIS A LONG TIME, OVER THREE
DECADES, AND, FOR ME, THIS WAS A
LINE IN THE SAND.
I AM NO LONGER WHAT I -- NO
LONGER WILL I PARACHUTE IN
SOMEWHERE, BE THERE A FEW DAYS
AND TRY TO TELL THE STORIES OF
THE SOLDIERS AND MARINES.
I FELT WE HAD TO GO TO OLD
TRADITIONS, TRADITIONS OF MY
HERO, ERNIE PYLE, THE FAMOUS
WORLD WAR II CORRESPONDENT.
IF WE AS A NATION ARE GOING TO
COMMIT SOLDIERS FOR 13 YEARS, WE
DOGGONE BETTER BE THERE TO TELL
THEIR STORIES DAY IN AND DAY OUT
AND YOU CAN'T SEND THEM OFF AND
FORGET ABOUT IT.
I FELT WE NEEDED TO BE THERE
EVERY DAY SO THAT I COULD BE
THERE TELLING THEIR STORIES,
WHAT THEY WERE ENDURING OVER
LONG PERIODS OF TIME.
>> Woodruff: AND YOUR SON SAID
I'M COMING WITH YOU, AND YOU
ORIGINALLY DIDN'T THINK IT WAS A
GREAT A.
>> NO, NO, NOT REALLY.
I MEAN, I WAS CONCERNED BECAUSE,
U LOST A LOT OF
FRIENDS COVERING MANY DIFFERENT
WARS AND THIS WAR AS WELL, AND I
KNEW WHAT THE CONSEQUENCE OF
THAT COULD BE.
I MEAN, THIS IS  SON.
BUT I STARTED TO REALIZE THAT HE
WAS THE SAME AGE AS THOSE YOUNG
MEN AND WOMEN WHO RAISED THEIR
HAND AND SAID, I WILL GO TO
AFGHANISTAN, I WILL GO TO IRAQ
TO SERVE MY NATION, AND THIS WAS
HIS WAY TO SERVE.
HE WAS BOUND AND DETERMINED TO
DO IT, AND THAT'S WHAT HE DID.
YOU KNOW, WE ARE SO CLOSE NOW
BECAUSE OF THIS.
WE MADE IT THROUGH IT, AND I
REALLY LOVE MY SON, AND I'M GLAD
WE CAME OUT OF THERE.
>> Woodruff: THAT COMES
THROUGH IN THE FILM.
YOU DID START OUT SAYING YOU HAD
BEEN AWAY FROM HIM WHEN HE WAS
GROWING UP AND THIS WAS PART OF
AN ATTEMPT TO BE CLOSE TO HIM.
I WANT TO SHOW OUR AUDIENCE,
MIKE, AND I THINK YOU KNOW WHAT
EXCERPT WE'RE GOING TO SHOW,
SOME OF THE FILM.
THIS IS A SCENE IN AFGHANISTAN,
YOU'RE OUT ON PATROL.
SET THE SCENE AND THE
CIRCUMSTANCES FOR US AND WHAT
WE'RE GOING TO SEE.
>> THIS WAS OPERATION
STRONGEAGLE 3.
WE HAD LANDED AT 3:00 IN THE
MORNING ON A MOUNTAIN TOP JUST
RIGHT ON THE PAKISTAN BORDER.
THERE WAS SNOW ON THE GROUND.
WE MADE OUR WAY DOWN AND THE
MISSION ON THIS BIG OPERATION
WAS TO REALLY HIT THE TALIBAN
COMMAND AND CONTROL IN THAT PART
OF AFGHANISTAN, SO AS WE WERE
MOVING DOWN THE MOUNTAINS, WE'RE
FINDING MORTARS, RPGs, ONE OF
THE ROCKETS THEY FOUND WAS MADE
IN CHINA.
THEY FOUND DOZENS OF RIFLES.
THEN, ALL OF A SUDDEN, AS WE
MOVED DOWN THE MOUNTAIN, WE WERE
HIT FROM ALL SIDES.
THIS WAS SUPPOSED TO BE A
THREE-DAY MISSION THAT WE WERE
SURROUNDED.
EVERY UNIT THAT WAS OUT THERE
WITH US, THE BATTALION OF THE
101st AIRBORNE WAS FAIR TAKING
FIRE FROM 360 DEGREES.
IT WAS AN EXPERIENCE,
AND THERE WAS NO PLACE TO RUN,
AND THE WEATHER WAS BAD AND
MEDIVACS COULDN'T COME IN.
SO IN THIS BATTLE WE LOST SIX
REALLY BRAVE GUYS.
FOR EXAMPLE, THE MEDIC, JAMISON
LINSKOG WHO RAN DOWN A MOUNTAIN
SIDE IN A HAIL OF GUNFIRE TO
SAVE HIS BUD AS -- HIS BUDDIES
AND APOLOGIZED FOR DYING.
YOU CAN'T TELL THOSE FROM THE
ARM CHAIR, YOU HAVE TO BE THERE.
>> Woodruff: WE'LL SHOW OUR
VIEWERS A PIECE OF THE FILM
RIGHT NOW.
>> OVER HERE SCH!
WHAT IS THIS?
RBG.
OH, MY GOD.
THAT THING IS STRAIGHT OUT OF
CHINA, LIKE YESTERDAY.
>> HOW DID IT COME OUT OF CHINA?
THAT THING IS BRAND-SPANKING
>> I'M DOWN HERE AND THE PLATOON
CAN'T GET TO THE BUILDING.
KEEP FINDING MORE AMMUNITION AND
MORTAR PIECES AND STUFF.
>> WHAT DOES THAT LOOK LIKE?
67 RPGs, PROBABLY EIGHT
MORTARS, A COUPLE BOXES OF
FUSES.
>> DEFINITELY CAUGHT THEM BY
SURPRISE.
(SOUND OF EXPLOSIONS)
>> HEY.
WHAT'S UP?
KEEP YOUR EYES ON THE BRIDGE
AT YOUR 11.
(SOUND OF EXPLOSIONS)
>> Woodruff: THERE WERE MANY
MORENNERVING SCENES LIKE THIS
ONE IN THE FILM.
BECAUSE YOUR SONHE WAY YOU DID
WAS WITH YOU?
>> NO, BECAUSE I WANTED HIM TO
LEARN THE WAY I DID THINGS, AND
IT WAS DEFINITELY AN
APPRENTICESHIP.
I DID TRY TO KEEP HIM BETWEEN
THE POINT OF GUNFIRE, MY SELF
BETWEEN THAT AND HIM, BUT HE
WOULDN'T HAVE ANY OF THAT.
HE'S A BETTER STORYTELLER AND
PHOTOGRAPHER THAN I EVER WILL
BE.
THAT'S THE WAY I LEARNED IN
EL SALVADOR IN 1980.
IT WAS THROWN IN THERE IN THE
EARLY DAYS OF CNN AND I LEARNED
ON MY OWN.
AT LEAST I WAS WITH HIM.
I REALLY THINK WE NEED A NEW
GENERATION OF YOUNG JOURNALISTS
WHO ARE WILLING TO GO OUT THERE
TO TELL THESE STORIES, AND IT
TAKES GREAT RISK AND
SACRIFICE,
PERSONAL SACRIFICE.
YOU'RE GONE CONSTANTLY.
YOU KNOW, THAT WAS ONE OF THE
THINGS, AT THE END OF THIS, I
HAD FINALLY RECONNECTED WITH MY
SON THE HARD WAY.
>> Woodruff: WHAT DOES HE SAY
THAT HE TOOK AWAY FROM THIS
EXPERIENCE?
I KNOW HE'S WRITTEN ABOUT IT.
>> YES, WHAT HE TOOK AWAY IS HE
HAD NO COMPREHENSION OF THE
SACRIFICE THAT MEN AND WOMEN HIS
AGE HAD GIVEN TO THEIR NATION.
YOU KNOW, AS WE APPROACH THE
FOURTH OF JULY TOMORROW, THAT'S
SOMETHING TO THINK ABOUT.
HE SAID, NOW HE KNOWS.
HE KNOWS WHAT THAT'S ABOUT.
IT'S NOT SOMETHING FAR OFF.
IT'S SOMETHING VERY CLOSE AND
PERSONAL TO HIM THAT PEOPLE
RAISE THEIR HANDS AND SAY, SEND
ME, AND THAT'S WHAT HE LEARNED.
>> Woodruff: AND YOU CONTINUE
TO BE A CORRESPONDENT AND A
PRODUCER.
WHAT IS YOUR SON DOING?
>> AS WELL, I'M TEACHING AS THE
UNIVERSITY OF OKLAHOMA, MY ALMA
MATER AT THE GAYLORD COLLEGE,
AND CARLOS IS A STAFF PRODUCER
FOR ABC IN NEW YORK AND GOES OUT
WITH OTHER CORRESPONDENTS, NOW
HE DOESN'T NEED TO HAVE HIS OLD
MAN WITH HIM.
>> Woodruff: QUITE A STIRRING
STORY, AND WE THANK YOU FOR
SHARING WITH US.
GREAT TO SEE YOU AGAIN, MIKE.
THANK YOU.
>> GREAT TO SEE YOU, AND THE DVD
OF THIS WILL BE OUT 9-9 IN
SEPTEMBER RIGHT BEFORE 9/11.
>> Woodruff: TERRIFIC.
THANK YOU AGAIN.
>> Woodruff: FINALLY TONIGHT, A
CLOSE READING OF THE DOCUMENT AT
THE HEART OF TOMORROW'S HOLIDAY.
JEFF IS BACK WITH THAT.
THE DECLARATION OF INDEPENDENCE,
>> Reporter: WE ALL CELEBRATE
BUT HOW MANY OF US ACTUALLY READ
THE DECLARATION OF INDEPENDENCE,
IT?
BUT HOW MANY OF US ACTUALLY READ
AND TO WHAT EXTENT, OVER TIME,
IT?
HAS IT BEEN IN SOME WAYS MISS-
AND TO WHAT EXTENT, OVER TIME,
READ?
HAS IT BEEN IN SOME WAYS MISS-
A NEW BOOK, "OUR DECLARATION",
READ?
EXPLORES THE DOCUMENT THROUGH A
A NEW BOOK, "OUR DECLARATION",
CAREFUL LOOK AT THE WORDS
EXPLORES THE DOCUMENT THROUGH A
THEMSELVES.
CAREFUL LOOK AT THE WORDS
AUTHOR DANIELLE ALLEN IS A
THEMSELVES.
POLITICAL PHILOSOPHER AT THE
AUTHOR DANIELLE ALLEN IS A
INSTITUTE FOR ADVANCED STUDY IN
POLITICAL PHILOSOPHER AT THE
PRINCETON AND A SCHOLAR OF
INSTITUTE FOR ADVANCED STUDY IN
DEMOCRACY AND CITIZENSHIP FROM
PRINCETON AND A SCHOLAR OF
ANCIENT ATHENS TO OUR OWN TIME.
DEMOCRACY AND CITIZENSHIP FROM
AND FOR THE RECORD, SHE'S A
ANCIENT ATHENS TO OUR OWN TIME.
MEMBER OF THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS
AND FOR THE RECORD, SHE'S A
OF THE MELLON FOUNDATION.
MEMBER OF THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS
A NEWSHOUR UNDERWRITER.
OF THE MELLON FOUNDATION.
WELCOME.
A NEWSHOUR UNDERWRITER.
>> GREAT TO BE HERE.
WELCOME.
>> Brown: YOU MAKE THIS PART A
>> GREAT TO BE HERE.
PERSONAL STORY.
>> Brown: YOU MAKE THIS PART A
IT STEMS FROM TEACHING THE
PERSONAL STORY.
DECLARATION AT AN ELITE
IT STEMS FROM TEACHING THE
UNIVERSITY BY DAY AND TO
DECLARATION AT AN ELITE
WORKERS, PEOPLE WITHOUT JOBS OR
UNIVERSITY BY DAY AND TO
WITHOUT MUCH EDUCATION, PERHAPS,
WORKERS, PEOPLE WITHOUT JOBS OR
AT NIGHT.
WITHOUT MUCH EDUCATION, PERHAPS,
>> FOR TEN YEARS, IN CHICAGO, I
AT NIGHT.
DID TEACH A COURSE FOR
>> FOR TEN YEARS, IN CHICAGO, I
LOW-INCOME ADULTS AND ONE OF THE
DID TEACH A COURSE FOR
KEY EFFORTS OR GOALS WAS TO GIVE
LOW-INCOME ADULTS AND ONE OF THE
THEM GREAT MATERIAL TO READ, TO
KEY EFFORTS OR GOALS WAS TO GIVE
EXPAND THEIR EDUCATION, THEIR
THEM GREAT MATERIAL TO READ, TO
OWN CAPACITIES, BUT THEY WERE
EXPAND THEIR EDUCATION, THEIR
BUSY, HARD-WORKING PEOPLE AND I
OWN CAPACITIES, BUT THEY WERE
FOUND MYSELF GRAVITATING TOWARD
BUSY, HARD-WORKING PEOPLE AND I
THE DECLARATION FOR THE
FOUND MYSELF GRAVITATING TOWARD
PRAGMATIC REASON THAT IT'S
THE DECLARATION FOR THE
SHORT, AND MY EXPERIENCE WAS I
PRAGMATIC REASON THAT IT'S
WAS REALLY SURPRISED.
SHORT, AND MY EXPERIENCE WAS I
NONE OF MY STUDENTS HAD EVER
WAS REALLY SURPRISED.
READ THE DECLARATION AND IT
NONE OF MY STUDENTS HAD EVER
SEEMED BECAUSE THEY DIDN'T THINK
READ THE DECLARATION AND IT
OF IT AS BELONGING TO THEM AND
SEEMED BECAUSE THEY DIDN'T THINK
NOBODY EVER TRIED TO MAKE THAT
OF IT AS BELONGING TO THEM AND
CASE TO THEM.
NOBODY EVER TRIED TO MAKE THAT
IT'S AN INCREDIBLY EMPOWERING
CASE TO THEM.
EXPERIENCE.
IT'S AN INCREDIBLY EMPOWERING
>> Brown: AS YOU WRITE IN THE
EXPERIENCE.
BOOK, ITS DEVELOPS YOUR OWN
>> Brown: AS YOU WRITE IN THE
THINKING ABOUT THE DECLARATION
BOOK, ITS DEVELOPS YOUR OWN
AND THE THESIS THAT DOCUMENTS
THINKING ABOUT THE DECLARATION
THROUGH IS WE'VE LOST SOMETHING
AND THE THESIS THAT DOCUMENTS
IN OUR READING THROUGH IT AND
THROUGH IS WE'VE LOST SOMETHING
WE'RE FOCUSING ON A COUPLE OF
IN OUR READING THROUGH IT AND
KEY WORDS WITH, LIBERTY AND
WE'RE FOCUSING ON A COUPLE OF
EQUALITY.
KEY WORDS WITH, LIBERTY AND
>> WE THINK OF LIBERTY AND
EQUALITY.
EQUALITY AS IN CONFLICT WITH
>> WE THINK OF LIBERTY AND
EACH OTHER.
EQUALITY AS IN CONFLICT WITH
THAT EQUALITY REQUIRES PUTTING
EACH OTHER.
RESTRAINTS ON LIBERTY.
THAT EQUALITY REQUIRES PUTTING
BUT THE FOUNDATION
RESTRAINTS ON LIBERTY.
OF LIBERTY.
BUT THE FOUNDATION
WE NEED THE BOND AMONG CITIZENS
OF LIBERTY.
TO BUILD THE POLITICAL
WE NEED THE BOND AMONG CITIZENS
INSTITUTION WES USE TO PROTECT
TO BUILD THE POLITICAL
OUR SAFETY AND HAPPINESS AND
INSTITUTION WES USE TO PROTECT
PROTECT OUR LIBERTY.
OUR SAFETY AND HAPPINESS AND
SO THOSE ARE THE THINGS MY
PROTECT OUR LIBERTY.
STUDENTS AND I LEARNED.
SO THOSE ARE THE THINGS MY
THERE ARE PEOPLE WHO ARE STUCK
STUDENTS AND I LEARNED.
IN THEIR LIVES AND IT CALLS TO
THERE ARE PEOPLE WHO ARE STUCK
PEOPLE TO CONSIDER THEIR
IN THEIR LIVES AND IT CALLS TO
CIRCUMSTANCES, YOU KNOW, WHERE
PEOPLE TO CONSIDER THEIR
IN THE COURSE OF HUMAN EVENTS
CIRCUMSTANCES, YOU KNOW, WHERE
AND HOW TO SET THEIR COURSE IN A
IN THE COURSE OF HUMAN EVENTS
BETTER DIRECTION.
AND HOW TO SET THEIR COURSE IN A
>> Brown: EVEN WITH ALL THE
BETTER DIRECTION.
CONTRADICTIONS OF THE TIME --
>> Brown: EVEN WITH ALL THE
>> RIGHT.
CONTRADICTIONS OF THE TIME --
>> Brown: -- SLAVERY, YOU
>> RIGHT.
KNOW, BEING THE MOST NOTABLE ONE
>> Brown: -- SLAVERY, YOU
OF THIS CALL FOR EQUALITY,
KNOW, BEING THE MOST NOTABLE ONE
LIBERTY AND THE PURSUIT OF
OF THIS CALL FOR EQUALITY,
HAPPINESS.
LIBERTY AND THE PURSUIT OF
>> THAT'S RIGHT, AND THAT'S WHAT
HAPPINESS.
MY STUDENTS REALLY GAVE ME.
>> THAT'S RIGHT, AND THAT'S WHAT
I THINK THE TEXT HAD BEEN NOT
MY STUDENTS REALLY GAVE ME.
GIVE TON THEM, NOT SHARED WITH
I THINK THE TEXT HAD BEEN NOT
THEM PARTLY BECAUSE THERE IS
GIVE TON THEM, NOT SHARED WITH
THIS IDEA THAT SINCE SO MANY OF
THEM PARTLY BECAUSE THERE IS
THE FOUNDERS WERE SLAVE HOLDERS,
THIS IDEA THAT SINCE SO MANY OF
IT'S SORT OF A FALSEHOOD AND A
THE FOUNDERS WERE SLAVE HOLDERS,
LIE IN THE DECLARATION.
IT'S SORT OF A FALSEHOOD AND A
BUT WHEN I READ IT WITH THE
LIE IN THE DECLARATION.
STUDENTS WHO WERE TRYING TO
BUT WHEN I READ IT WITH THE
CHANGE THEIR LIVES AND
STUDENTS WHO WERE TRYING TO
DISCORPSING HOW EMPOWERING IT
CHANGE THEIR LIVES AND
WAS FOR THEM TO DISCOVER THEIR
DISCORPSING HOW EMPOWERING IT
POLITICAL AGENCY, I REALIZED IT
WAS FOR THEM TO DISCOVER THEIR
HAS A COHERENT PHILOSOPHICAL
POLITICAL AGENCY, I REALIZED IT
EQUALITY TO THE ARGUMENT AND
HAS A COHERENT PHILOSOPHICAL
WORTH INVESTIGATING AGAIN.
EQUALITY TO THE ARGUMENT AND
>> Brown: YOU WERE ALSO JUST
WORTH INVESTIGATING AGAIN.
MAKING A CALL FOR VERY CLOSE
>> Brown: YOU WERE ALSO JUST
READING.
MAKING A CALL FOR VERY CLOSE
>> THAT'S RIGHT.
READING.
>> Brown: AND ONE EXAMPLE AND
>> THAT'S RIGHT.
WE HAVE A GRAPHIC I WANT TO SHOW
>> Brown: AND ONE EXAMPLE AND
BECAUSE IT GOES TO THE THESIS
WE HAVE A GRAPHIC I WANT TO SHOW
HERE IS AN ACTUAL QUESTION OF
BECAUSE IT GOES TO THE THESIS
TOPOGRAPHY, A VERY FAMOUS LINE,
HERE IS AN ACTUAL QUESTION OF
WHETHER WHAT IS OFTEN SEEN AS A
TOPOGRAPHY, A VERY FAMOUS LINE,
PERIOD, AND WE HAVE IT HERE, IS
WHETHER WHAT IS OFTEN SEEN AS A
ACTUALLY A COMMA.
PERIOD, AND WE HAVE IT HERE, IS
>> THAT'S RIGHT.
ACTUALLY A COMMA.
>> Brown:ICS PIPELINE WHEY
>> THAT'S RIGHT.
THAT MATTERS.
>> Brown:ICS PIPELINE WHEY
>> THE SECOND SENTENCE OF THE
THAT MATTERS.
DECLARATION IS PROBABLY THE MOST
>> THE SECOND SENTENCE OF THE
IMPORTANT SENTENCE AND DOCUMENT
DECLARATION IS PROBABLY THE MOST
IN AMERICAN HISTORY.
IMPORTANT SENTENCE AND DOCUMENT
IT'S AN INCREDIBLY LONG
IN AMERICAN HISTORY.
SENTENCE, IT'S A MOUTHFUL.
IT'S AN INCREDIBLY LONG
WE ALL KNOW THE BEGINNING BY
SENTENCE, IT'S A MOUTHFUL.
HEART, WE HOLD THESE TRUTHS TO
WE ALL KNOW THE BEGINNING BY
BE SELF-EVIDENT.
HEART, WE HOLD THESE TRUTHS TO
THAT'S FOLLOWED BY FIVE CLAUSES
BE SELF-EVIDENT.
EACH WHICH STARTS WITH THAT.
THAT'S FOLLOWED BY FIVE CLAUSES
THAT ALL MEAN ARE CREATED EQUAL
EACH WHICH STARTS WITH THAT.
AND ENDID BY THE CREATOR WITH
THAT ALL MEAN ARE CREATED EQUAL
UNALIEUNINALIENABLE RIGHTS.
AND ENDID BY THE CREATOR WITH
WHENEVER GOVERNMENT IS
UNALIEUNINALIENABLE RIGHTS.
DESTRUCTIVE OF THESE ENDS, IT IS
WHENEVER GOVERNMENT IS
RIGHT OF THE PEOPLE T ABOLISH
DESTRUCTIVE OF THESE ENDS, IT IS
THEM AND INTRODUCE NEW
RIGHT OF THE PEOPLE T ABOLISH
GOVERNMENT AND INTRODUCE
THEM AND INTRODUCE NEW
PRINCIPLES AS SEEMS TO THEM TO
GOVERNMENT AND INTRODUCE
MOST LIKELY AFFECT THEIR SAFETY
PRINCIPLES AS SEEMS TO THEM TO
AND HAPPINESS.
MOST LIKELY AFFECT THEIR SAFETY
>> Brown: IT IS A LAW.
AND HAPPINESS.
AT THIS POINT IT'S BURNED
>> Brown: IT IS A LAW.
INTO MY HEART BUT YOU'VE GOT TO
AT THIS POINT IT'S BURNED
MAKE THE CIRCUIT FROM INDIVIDUAL
INTO MY HEART BUT YOU'VE GOT TO
RIGHTS TO WHAT WE DO
MAKE THE CIRCUIT FROM INDIVIDUAL
COLLECTIVELY, AND THAT PERIOD OF
RIGHTS TO WHAT WE DO
PURSUIT OF HAPPINESS BREAKS UP
COLLECTIVELY, AND THAT PERIOD OF
THE ARC OF ARGUMENT.
PURSUIT OF HAPPINESS BREAKS UP
>> Brown: SO IF IT'S A COMMA,
THE ARC OF ARGUMENT.
THE ORIGINAL IDEA WAS TO CARRY
>> Brown: SO IF IT'S A COMMA,
THROUGH.
THE ORIGINAL IDEA WAS TO CARRY
>> AND THE ORIGINAL TRANSTRIPTS
THROUGH.
PUNCTUATE WITH SEMICOLONS AND
>> AND THE ORIGINAL TRANSTRIPTS
IT'S EVIDENT IT GOES THROUGHOUT
PUNCTUATE WITH SEMICOLONS AND
THE END.
IT'S EVIDENT IT GOES THROUGHOUT
IT'S WRITTEN IN THE "CORRECTED
THE END.
RECORD" IT'S CALLED.
IT'S WRITTEN IN THE "CORRECTED
>> Brown: TO THE EXTENT THIS
RECORD" IT'S CALLED.
IS AN ARGUMENT PORE THE POWER OF
>> Brown: TO THE EXTENT THIS
WORDS AND THE POWER OF
IS AN ARGUMENT PORE THE POWER OF
UNDERSTANDING OF LANGUAGE,
WORDS AND THE POWER OF
YOU'VE DEAN THIS FROM ANCIENT --
UNDERSTANDING OF LANGUAGE,
YOU'VE COME TO THIS FROM THE
YOU'VE DEAN THIS FROM ANCIENT --
STUDY OF CLASSICS.
YOU'VE COME TO THIS FROM THE
>> THAT'S RIGHT.
STUDY OF CLASSICS.
>> Brown: HOW DOES THAT STUDY
>> THAT'S RIGHT.
APPLY?
>> Brown: HOW DOES THAT STUDY
>> WELL, THAT'S ONE OF THE
APPLY?
JOKES, I THINK, IS PEOPLE HAVE
>> WELL, THAT'S ONE OF THE
BEEN WORKING ON ANCIENT GREEK
JOKES, I THINK, IS PEOPLE HAVE
TEXTS FOR CENTURIES AND WE HAVE
BEEN WORKING ON ANCIENT GREEK
THESE SPECIAL SKILLSH
TEXTS FOR CENTURIES AND WE HAVE
DIG INTO THE DIFFERENT VERSIONS
THESE SPECIAL SKILLSH
OF A TEXT TO FIGURE OUT WHAT THE
DIG INTO THE DIFFERENT VERSIONS
ORIGINAL WAS AND WHAT VERSION
OF A TEXT TO FIGURE OUT WHAT THE
FLOWED FROM IT.
ORIGINAL WAS AND WHAT VERSION
I HAVE TRAINING AS A CLASSIST,
FLOWED FROM IT.
AND WE HAVE HISTORY OF OUR OWN
I HAVE TRAINING AS A CLASSIST,
TEXTS FOR WHICH THE SCHOOLS ARE
AND WE HAVE HISTORY OF OUR OWN
RELEVANT.
TEXTS FOR WHICH THE SCHOOLS ARE
>> Brown: WHAT'S THE ADD VANCE
RELEVANT.
VICE, THINKING -- WHAT'S THE
>> Brown: WHAT'S THE ADD VANCE
ADVICE, THINKING ABOUT THE
VICE, THINKING -- WHAT'S THE
STUDENTS YOU'RE TEACHING?
ADVICE, THINKING ABOUT THE
WHAT DOES IT SUGGEST WE DO IN
STUDENTS YOU'RE TEACHING?
TERMS OF LOADING OR HOW WE'RE
WHAT DOES IT SUGGEST WE DO IN
LEADING.
TERMS OF LOADING OR HOW WE'RE
>> SO I THINK THERE ARE TWO
LEADING.
PIECES OF ADVICE TO OFFER.
>> SO I THINK THERE ARE TWO
ONE OF THEME IS GO AHEAD AND
PIECES OF ADVICE TO OFFER.
READ THE WHOLE THING.
ONE OF THEME IS GO AHEAD AND
IT'S ONLY 1,337 WORDS, WHICH IS,
READ THE WHOLE THING.
YOU KNOW, TWO OP-EDS AT MOST, SO
IT'S ONLY 1,337 WORDS, WHICH IS,
READ THE WHOLE THING BECAUSE IT
YOU KNOW, TWO OP-EDS AT MOST, SO
MAKES A COHERENT ARGUMENT.
READ THE WHOLE THING BECAUSE IT
I THINK THAT WAY OF SEEING THE
MAKES A COHERENT ARGUMENT.
ARGUMENT IS BY STARTING AT THE
I THINK THAT WAY OF SEEING THE
END.
ARGUMENT IS BY STARTING AT THE
START WITH THE RESOLUTION WHERE
END.
THEY UNANIMOUSLY DECLARE THEY'RE
START WITH THE RESOLUTION WHERE
FREE AND INDEPENDENT STATES WITH
THEY UNANIMOUSLY DECLARE THEY'RE
RIGHTS TO MAKE TREATISES AND
FREE AND INDEPENDENT STATES WITH
ALLIANCES AND SO FORTH BECAUSE
RIGHTS TO MAKE TREATISES AND
AT THE END OF THE DAY THE POINT
ALLIANCES AND SO FORTH BECAUSE
OF THE DOCUMENT IS TO MAKE A
AT THE END OF THE DAY THE POINT
DECISION TO DECLARE
OF THE DOCUMENT IS TO MAKE A
INDEPENDENCE.
DECISION TO DECLARE
THEN JUSTIFY THE.
INDEPENDENCE.
EVERYTHING THAT'S BEFORE IS
THEN JUSTIFY THE.
JUSTIFYING.
EVERYTHING THAT'S BEFORE IS
WHEN WE START THAT WAY WE GET A
JUSTIFYING.
BEAUTIFUL EXAMPLE OF THE
WHEN WE START THAT WAY WE GET A
STANDARD WE ALL USE WHEN WE MAKE
BEAUTIFUL EXAMPLE OF THE
A DECISION AND THEN EXPLAIN THE
STANDARD WE ALL USE WHEN WE MAKE
JUSTIFICATION.
A DECISION AND THEN EXPLAIN THE
>> Brown: START AT THE END AND
JUSTIFICATION.
THEN BUILD THE ARGUMENT.
>> Brown: START AT THE END AND
>> EXACTLY.
THEN BUILD THE ARGUMENT.
>> Brown: IN THIS CASE, BUILD
>> EXACTLY.
A COUNTRY.
>> Brown: IN THIS CASE, BUILD
>> EXACTLY.
A COUNTRY.
>> Brown: "OUR DECLARATION,"
>> EXACTLY.
DANIELLE ALLEN.
>> Brown: "OUR DECLARATION,"
THANK YOU SO MUCH.
DANIELLE ALLEN.
>> MY PLEASURE, THANK YOU.
THANK YOU SO MUCH.
>> Woodruff: AGAIN, THE MAJOR
>> MY PLEASURE, THANK YOU.
DEVELOPMENTS OF THE DAY.
>> Woodruff: AGAIN, THE MAJOR
THE ECONOMY TURNED IN STRONG
DEVELOPMENTS OF THE DAY.
JOBS NUMBERS FOR JUNE, ADDING
THE ECONOMY TURNED IN STRONG
288,000 NEW POSITIONS.
JOBS NUMBERS FOR JUNE, ADDING
THE UNEMPLOYMENT RATE DROPPED TO
288,000 NEW POSITIONS.
6.1%.
THE UNEMPLOYMENT RATE DROPPED TO
HURRICANE ARTHUR INTENSIFIED AS
6.1%.
IT HEADED TOWARD A CLOSE PASS OF
HURRICANE ARTHUR INTENSIFIED AS
NORTH CAROLINA'S OUTER BANKS.
IT HEADED TOWARD A CLOSE PASS OF
THE STORM FORCED EVACUATIONS AND
NORTH CAROLINA'S OUTER BANKS.
ROILED FOURTH OF JULY PLANS.
THE STORM FORCED EVACUATIONS AND
AND AIRPORTS ACROSS EUROPE AND
ROILED FOURTH OF JULY PLANS.
THE U.S. MOVED TO TIGHTEN
AND AIRPORTS ACROSS EUROPE AND
SCREENING OF SMARTPHONES AND
THE U.S. MOVED TO TIGHTEN
SHOES AFTER WARNINGS THAT AL-
SCREENING OF SMARTPHONES AND
QAEDA GROUPS MIGHT BE TRYING TO
SHOES AFTER WARNINGS THAT AL-
GET BOMBS PAST SECURITY.
QAEDA GROUPS MIGHT BE TRYING TO
ON THE NEWSHOUR ONLINE,
GET BOMBS PAST SECURITY.
YESTERDAY ON THE SHOW, WE GAVE
ON THE NEWSHOUR ONLINE,
YOU A LOOK AT COUNTRY LEGEND
YESTERDAY ON THE SHOW, WE GAVE
WILLIE NELSON'S LATEST ALBUM AND
YOU A LOOK AT COUNTRY LEGEND
HIS TOUR.
WILLIE NELSON'S LATEST ALBUM AND
TODAY, WE'VE GOT MORE, HE TOLD
HIS TOUR.
US THE STORY OF HIS FIRST EVER
TODAY, WE'VE GOT MORE, HE TOLD
PERFORMANCE AT THE AGE OF SIX.
US THE STORY OF HIS FIRST EVER
THE YOUNG NELSON GAVE A ROUSING
PERFORMANCE AT THE AGE OF SIX.
RENDITION OF A TRADITIONAL HYMN
THE YOUNG NELSON GAVE A ROUSING
AT HIS CHURCH.
RENDITION OF A TRADITIONAL HYMN
WATCH HIM RECOUNT THAT TALE, ON
AT HIS CHURCH.
THE RUNDOWN.
WATCH HIM RECOUNT THAT TALE, ON
ALL THAT AND MORE IS ON OUR WEB
THE RUNDOWN.
SITE, newshour.pbs.org.
ALL THAT AND MORE IS ON OUR WEB
AND THAT'S THE NEWSHOUR FOR
SITE, newshour.pbs.org.
TONIGHT, ON FRIDAY WE HAVE AN
AND THAT'S THE NEWSHOUR FOR
UPDATE OF THE EBOLA OUTBREAK IN
TONIGHT, ON FRIDAY WE HAVE AN
AFRICA.
UPDATE OF THE EBOLA OUTBREAK IN
I'M JUDY WOODRUFF, WE'LL SEE YOU
AFRICA.
ON-LINE AND AGAIN HERE TOMORROW
I'M JUDY WOODRUFF, WE'LL SEE YOU
EVENING WITH RUTH MARCUS AND
ON-LINE AND AGAIN HERE TOMORROW
MICHAEL GERSON AMONG OTHERS.
EVENING WITH RUTH MARCUS AND
FOR ALL OF US HERE AT THE PBS
MICHAEL GERSON AMONG OTHERS.
NEWSHOUR, THANK YOU AND GOOD
FOR ALL OF US HERE AT THE PBS
NIGHT.